this is the best laptop just just plain
and simple for not every single use case
but my use case and that's the one that
matters the most to me let's have a look
this is the HP dragonfly Elite and I
have been using the G3 for the past year
and it's it's absolutely fantastic
although the new one's much better not
just because it's new but it's way
cheaper like
$2500 cheaper like a a a lot a lot
cheaper let's get into it this one's
probably actually half similar but uh we
can figure out what the exact spec is
this is a nice box I've never seen one
of these fancy boxes before these are
business laptops and you actually have
to pay like an extra $10 for the premium
unboxing experience I haven't gotten it
before Oh you can go over there for a
second here we go charger nice and
simple 65 wats that's being delivered
over USB type-c and it's a nice little
size I think also this pre premium cable
here is an extra $5 if you want to pay
for it unlike Dell they don't give you a
dongle in the box cuz they give you IO
oh I like this here they do give you the
option of from the factory it can come
loaded with Linux or freedos and then
you don't have to pay for the windows
license and also you just don't have to
deal with Microsoft at all if you don't
want to the first thing that they denote
number one are the internal Wireless
antennas I'm sure that's the most
important thing this is too long I
what laptop it's too long on the
paperwork but then how will the people
know that this has NFC tapping area on
the touchpad that's actually pretty
important if you're in like high
security places I am sad though it looks
like HP sent over the silver when they
have this nice like dark gray version
that just looks so much better okay okay
all
right wow they have not changed a thing
which is really okay by me cuz this
thing's great let's have a little look
around here so first of all it comes
with an all magnesium chassis that is
just super rigid and also very light all
right it is 1.2 kg
or 2.7 lb I think that's slightly
heavier than this one actually oh no the
Old One's slightly heavier must be the
durn skin probably my absolute favorite
thing about this laptop is that it is a
thin and light but it has solid IO so
here we have got Thunderbolt 4 USB type
A and headphone microphone combo Jack
around the other side we have
Thunderbolt 4 again a 5G SIM card slot
and HDMI 2.1 I have to say the inclusion
of USB type A and HDMI has made my life
just so much easier like it's not very
hard putting a dongle in your backpack
but it's a lot easier to just just not
have to use a dongle in the first place
here we can see again that nice
magnesium chassis it is one of the
stiffest on the market it isn't quite up
there with like apple or razor in terms
of stiffness but I do think it is up
there with them in terms of just overall
feel and quality and actually I kind of
like the feel of this a bit
more probably my favorite feature with
the design though are what they call
their pillow block Corners right here
it's just nice and rounded over and
every single time that I go at CES or
computex to someone's booth that has a
laptop I'm like hey guys that's really
nice how you have sharp edges here that
look like kind of cool on camera for
your like marketing materials I hate it
it's awful when you're like holding your
laptop like this do you know how nice it
is to have rounded Corners it's
fantastic it's so comfortable it's
actually one of my favorite features I
guess we could continue talking about
the build quality of this one but
I've been using this one for a year and
uh how has it held up I've lightly
damaged the finish in a couple spots
like you can see like there a ding there
couple little scratches there but
overall after a year of pretty hard use
no complaints the first thing that's
awesome about this computer is the
display so it has a
3x2 so 1920x 1280 on this one or you can
get the 3000x 2000 version if you go
with the OLED panel but uh I really
think you should stick with the 1080 one
first of all it gets you 3 to 4 hours
more battery life than OLED which is
just massive absolutely huge and my
favorite thing about this is definitely
the battery life so I am not willing to
sacrifice that for better visuals also
here we have a matte display which is
just there's not enough of them there's
not nearly enough of them now the panel
itself for watching content and creating
creating content and that stuff is only
okay HP advertises 400 nits Peak
brightness but in our testing we are
only able to find 340 nits which is
going to be noticeable that said though
I have been able to use this indirect
sunlight but only for like using
Microsoft Word and word editing I cannot
watch YouTube videos in direct sunlight
also pretty awful on this panel is pixel
response time we're looking at 32 to 54
milliseconds that is
brutal like it's a sort of thing where
like even just the mous mosing around
like this I can very easily tell that
the latency on this display is bad or
watching YouTube videos even I can tell
at the pixel response time is just not
good it's not good enough if you want to
play games on this don't it's
awful exter thanks to exter for
sponsoring today's video their wallets
are crafted with premium leather sourced
from lwg gold certified tanneries can
hold up to 12 cards and even come with a
money strap if you're using those dollar
dollar bills check out their quick card
mechanism which gives you easy access to
every card you need with the click of a
button it also features RFID protection
so your money cards and identity are all
kept safe and secure get up to 25% off
during exter's Valentine day sale with
code shortcircuit at the link down below
so uh if the brightness isn't great and
the pixel response times aren't great
why am I saying this is fantastic well
very simply because I can write Word
documents on this for like 12 hours
straight and I do not get eye strain
we've got the matte display we have got
just it looks like paper and it also is
color accurate to boot so we saw an
average Delta e of
2.24 a Max of 4
4.42 that isn't quite the average Delta
e of 2 that you would want for
professional color work but I don't do
that I just need to check stuff and know
that it's going to be broadly accurate
and this is more than good enough for
that also like you could just calibrate
it another reason this is in my opinion
the best laptop on the market is because
of the keyboard it is simply put the
best there is no better keyboard on a
laptop in existence right now in my
opinion it's an A+ it's an A++ if I
could give that normally when I'm
talking about laptop keyboards sort of
like an A minus is when you can get up
to full speed but maybe it isn't the
most satisfying that's something like
the MacBook Pro it's legitimately a good
keyboard if you can't type fast on it
that's your problem but I just don't
love it when you get into the a we're
looking at like you know the stability
of every single key is good the travel
is good the feel is good to get that A+
you need that just
extra I don't even know what you would
call it but it is this keyboard right
here it has almost like a desktop feel
to it that I don't know how they were
able to achieve but once we get our
keyboard tester up and running I'm sure
that it will validate me because like if
we look here like the key stability is
absolutely incredible I'm pushing on the
corner on a lot of laptops you'll see
this whole key sort of flexed down this
right here I'm getting none of that the
whole key presses when you're pressing
on the corner also the consistency from
side to side is absolutely Flawless the
force required to press these Keys is
identical across pretty much the whole
thing which is of course aided by the
excellent chassis rigidity of this
magnesium frame it is it is absolutely
fantastic another thing that's great is
the trackpad I don't think that it
stands out a whole lot in the way that
the keyboard does it's instead just
great like I have never once thought
about the trackpad when I've been using
the laptop because it just works it is
glass topped I do wish that they had
integrated Force like apple or Dell or
Ms most people have Force clicking at
this point and that can be quite good
and I do really appreciate that you're
able to tune it this uh you can't do any
of that but at the same time it's
accurate it's glass top it feels good to
use I like it I didn't mention it before
but you can plug in the power charger on
either side which is just so convenient
you can be there can be there love it
moving over to Performance though in
here we have an Intel i7 1365 U which is
10 cores which sounds like a lot but
it's actually two performance cores and
eight efficiency and uh uh in my
experience using a laptop which has a
1265 U which is basically the same as
the 1365 U it's not particularly fast
like in a lot of things like even web
browsing at times can feel just a little
bit slow when you compare it to other
laptops like it's it's not that like it
doesn't have that like snappiness that
some of them do but at the same time
compared to like a dual core thin and
light from a couple years ago this
absolutely destroys it like if you
compare this to basically any like 11th
gen laptop chip this thing will on its
face okay let's see here running cin
bench R23 I want to beat the
i77700k that's 6,300 points and in my
mind that's like the last that was like
when Intel peaked just before AMD came
in and started making them look kind of
silly oh my God we just beat it all
right cool this thing was able to get
7254 points in Center bench R23 and I
think that there are some stupid windows
is trying to update or stuff in the
background at the moment but overall if
like you need to export stuff on this it
isn't brutal it it is still a thin and
light but you can do the stuff here are
the results that we got from the labs
there are the graphs it's more than
powerful enough for me like we can look
here oh watch watch this no d
boom we're screen recording my laptop
now ha like this isn't anything crazy
but this is a solid works model that I
was able to build on this computer and
not have any issues with it it's only a
couple of components and they're all
pretty simple but at the same time this
thing can do it no problem moving on
from the processor we also have 16 GB of
RAM runting at 4800 megat transfers per
second we have a 500 GB nvme SSD from
Samsung
Intel WiFi 6E love to see that and of
course Iris XE Graphics uh this isn't a
gaming laptop but uh we proceeded to
play games anyway this is bad I don't
like it at all what I'm seeing though is
that this is not a good gaming
experience like aside from the frame
rate only being okayish the pixel
response time is just a complete noo for
a game like this like it's actually hard
to like figure out what's on the go
everything just feels like it's in slow
motion it is not enjoyable this panel is
not capable of updating fast enough for
gameplay like it it just feels so jelly
and generally terrible don't game on it
it's an office laptop the speakers on
this are from bang and Olson and they
are fantastic they have been The
Benchmark for the last year for pretty
much all of the other laptops you guys
have heard them a bunch let's just sniff
them one more time that's
loud wonder if they've
improved
yep that's that's good that's good stuff
right
[Music]
there how does it compare to the old
dragonfly Elite
[Music]
go it's the same which is excellent cuz
I've compared this old one to a bunch of
different laptops and it is very
favorable in almost every single matchup
even when compared to laptops that are
twice its size with twice as many
speakers it's not just pretty loud and
has decent extension but it has a lot of
clarity so something like the MacBook
Air has more base and like a bit more of
a v curve whereas this right here seems
a lot more focused on like Clarity of
voice and stuff like that in the speaker
tuning and I quite appreciate it it's
it's awesome webcam it's great uh so
this right here is a 1440p webcam you
very rarely see that on laptops and
overall it just does an excellent job
like look here it's exposing for my face
we move around it is still just exposing
pretty much perfectly for my face it's a
little bit hot there but it probably
will figure it out
maybe okay it isn't but it still is
doing a pretty good job also what is
fantastic and I really really like about
this webcam is you press right here Boop
she's gone you got a tiny little shutter
right here tiny little shutter that goes
across there so you know that no one's
going to be spying on you and there also
is a hard button for the microphone cut
off and you can now probably not hear me
four Torx T5 screws later and we are in
thank you HP so much for making getting
into this simple they can be kind of bad
for sticking screws underneath this
plastic foot right here and uh once you
take this off once it never goes back on
correctly again so thank you very much
for not making us have to destroy these
in here the star of the show is the 68.4
W battery now there are other brands
that have larger capacity batteries in
similarly like sized and weighted
laptops but hp's tuning of just all the
power consumption in this is absolutely
exceptional this thing right here in our
endurance testing for labs was able to
get 13 hours and 21 minutes now with the
stress test it did die in 2 hours and 30
minutes but you realistically are not
fully loading this ever I have had no
trouble at all getting like a solid 12
hours of battery light outed of this and
not even trying like I don't reduce the
screen brightness I don't do anything it
just works also you have the incredible
benefit of Windows modern standby not
really being an issue because uh I made
the video on that this is my personal
laptop I had some problems and I have a
direct line to Microsoft so uh it's
actually like very solved on this device
specifically so uh thank you guys for
solving my problem at least now for
upgradeability this thing is not
fantastic we are able to replace the SSD
so we can come in right here lift up
this little shieldy Shield there it is
so you can upgrade your storage although
I would be careful if you do that
because some of these drives do come
encrypted and it might get really super
mad at you if you swap it out just make
sure that like your bit Locker settings
and stuff are all sorted before you get
into that also we have our 5G antenna
right here we also have our Intel Wi-Fi
card over here so unfortunately this is
soldered down you can't upgrade it but
also I don't know if you don't want 5G
anymore I guess you could throw a
wireless card over here that would be
kind of dumb there's no ram upgrade
ability uh the cooler is not
particularly large single heat pipe
right here I don't really care it's a
thin and light this is the only thing
that matters but of course the worst
thing about the old one was the price
this one my old one came in at $3
$700 and that's because of like Intel
vro that allows you to like manage the
device remotely your it Department can
set up 40 of them at once if they want
to that sort of stuff and also like
Security Options and crap there's a good
chance that you don't want any of that
the one that we have here starts at
1769 and aspect is
2279 which is quite expensive but let's
just go over to hp's website for a
second and uh we can see that they say
it starts at
$1,200 which is a lot a lot better let's
look at the one that I would want to
purchase we can go in here Core i5 is
fine i7 is nice but I actually just
don't care it's a thin and light you
might get a tiny bit more battery now
the most expensive option that we're
going to be putting on here is the
touchcreen so I really like the
anti-glare touch screen that's the one
that we have on both of these it is
absolutely
fantastic but if you don't want that you
can get it cheaper if you don't go for
the anti-glare and so the one that I'll
be buying comes in at
$1,455 all right let's get a comparable
MacBook Air here we've got the M2 not
the good CPU cuz I don't know Intel is
kind of slow these days you need 16 GB
of memory no matter what Apple tells you
they are liars if they say that 8 GB is
enough 512 GB SSD that's $1,500 so uh
yeah for that price I'm getting the HP
for sure so yeah dragonfly G4 uh if you
already have a G3 you're not going to
upgrade most likely but probably most of
you don't so if you're looking for a
laptop that's thin and light and has
heaps of battery and its Windows this is
in my opinion the Absol best that exists
just like you're the absolute best that
exists hit like get subscribed and just
have a fantastic all day see you later